That uttered with God's honest breath.
Hey "Preston"... You can, like, *beep* yourself...*Thankyou!* 
I would rewrite history by inferring that the admins (read:SAMNthecraven) were NOT a insecure fascistas that didnt purge the robotskull ranks of those not inclined to eat his turds one after another until OUR eyes are brown too... 
I would also make this a haven from the coolness that infects this place like AIDS... 
I would also change the powers to NOT include the ability of the admins to read MY, YOURS and ANYONE'S rims... 
Cause that's not cool.. 
It's really lame and gay and immature... 
James (wohosyodaddy)didnt write this, fool... johnnysizzle/tuber/20%/... wrote it... 
SO fuck you and good frigging riddance... 
Lets see how long your sense of truth will allow this to remain up for all to read... 
He's not very honest with himself or with the truth or anyone else for that matter.......... 
you frigging ASSHAT! 
buncha kids running around driving the board into the ground... 
HEY FAG! I TRIED TO BE HONEST AND STRAIGHTUP AND APPOLOGETIC I was wrong.. 
you banned johnnysizzle..... 
OK done... I stayed away... 
WE are over our shit... 
OK nuff said... 
I had signed up with tuber... 
you nuked it.. for no reason... 
OK you are insecure... 
NOW you are a tool.. 
I'll stay away.. 
But Im going to get everyone i know and respect to flame your box to charred nothingness, because you only deserve the best, tool.... 
I hope you enjoy the spoils of being cool with me, asshat... 
you are  a loser squared. 
Im just getting to work and I saw your visage... sigh.... 
You gets beat from jonnhynonsense. 
Step right up and get your beats... 
You are endowewd with the social graces of my stool. 
Fuck yourself for being such a automanipulator... Pumpis. 
If a woman wakes in a cold sweat from a nightmare about legally binding nuptials with you, would her therapist care? 
Get a life, you lifer... 
The crap you folz are frontin is a game... 
I havent said anything more disrespectful than any of the other people on here... 
You just get a self righteous kick from this shit.. 
Just stay the fuck off my page and it's done? 
Fuck are YOU literate? 
The only reason I responding is because I get tired of having my name fucked up the ass... 
I had a moment of weakness and I admitted it.. 
Fuck off if you still got a stick in your ass.. 
You are acting worse than I ever did... 
Grow a dick, get a plane ticket and come kick my ass or grow up and go away from me... 
It's a matter of principle at this point. 
Hey, I havent said word one to any of these fucks for a week.
It's dead and they're resurrecting it... Holy dead horse floggers... 
Just cause we had a massive flameout, it doesnt mean I hafta get trod upon by losers I dont even know... 
She lied, came back to me, saw I wasnt going to go a moment longer without full admission of responsibility on both OUR parts and fled again... 
She's a toy... 
She can be your friend, but in my opinion, she's a child.
You dont have to like it, but I aint gonna bite my tongue on HER account... 
And as for the fucks, they been pelting me for a week and I havent said boo...
Maybe you oughta measure their behaviour with the same yardstick, huh? 
They smell to high heaven of bullshit.
That is my last word on this until the next indignity ends up on my page... 
And when it does, I will bring it's stinking mass straight to you... 
Grow the fuck up... 
Oh yeah, like you own this place or something... 
Leave me alone... 
All I ever do is check into my gallery... 
Im here...get used to it.. 
If you are such a big wheel at the RS, then ban my fucking IP, chick... 
Pathetic... 
Every time I see one of the people associated with your little mob rule game on my page, fucking with me, I will ask you to get them to stop... 
YOU:EXP: 0 
LAy the hell off.. 
Its just that your friends are harassing me... 
You get yer knickers all twisted over that sort of inflamatory language and we'll just end up back at HR... 
You helped to foster this shit... 
Make it stop or shut the fuck up when I come to my page, see a pile of shit and then lay it on your doorstep... 
Dont flatter yerself beyond that, toots... 
I dont want you aor your attention... 
If your friends see this and continue to bother me... 
I would have to assume they dont give two shits about you and are using you to get past thier disaffected boredom... 
FUCK OFF AND LEAVE ME ALONE!
Tell him to stay on his side of the bed, then. 
Look around porkchop... 
Their slime is everywhere... 
You can forget gatteing any peace as long as that crap continues... 
Y'all are wearing gold plated diapers! 
I aint gonna bug if Im left alone... Otherwise, this is your reality. 
You can, like, *beep* yourself...*Thankyou!*
Hey, get your friends to fixate on something other than me... 
Im not bugging them, so it aint me... 
Get your friends to grow up, wouldja? 
Nice friends btw... Real nice...
The only reason I am so much as touching your ever so well placed jibe with a ten-foot pole is to tell you to shut your yapper, dapper... 
Leave me alone.
Who the fuck are you again? Uhh, nobody, thats right. 
So without further ado.....*drum roll* 
just grow the fuck up, ponch... 
Your Dad called and He's gonna be needing those chromosomes, fagget... 
Fuck off... 
I can do this forever... and if it looks as though it will go on forever. 
I will provide you with the gay-assed companionship you apparently so desperately need... 
U:>>Numbfuck 
The names and titles are always interesting I suppose... 
The potshots from the cowards huddled in groups is probably to be expected... 
A wise person told me that people are hard to win over. 
This is probably very true... 
I can't believe any of you kiddies who are reponsible are even bothering... 
Uhh, guys, I'm like a rerun on a sunny day!? 
Noone in the history of childishness has ever even bothered to scrunch the old knickers the way you are bothering. 
Im flattered? 
I don't think so, but assuage and assimilate, I always say. 
I AM flattered... 
You have nerve.. 
If I owed you the money, you think I'd be carping on and on about how I didn't owe it or whatever? 
I would not, and neither should you... 
Im gratified that you used our super powers for italics on my page! 
Kudos to you. 
That sweetheart, is all you got...
Thats it... HA!
Listens up and be relieved by my tales of truooth...
This is the scientist getting dropped on your azzes!
so listens up and be relieved by my tales of truooth... 
And when yous're done you can wipe with your sacred right hand for all I cares!
shame shame... 
I could speaks on the subject of wiping!
I used to comes here with a lightsabertooth tigerbalm in my heart and trippy fantastic steps in my shoes...
You've devolved into an irresponsible internet social butterfly.. 
And it looks great on you... It really does. 
Nobody wears it like you. 
Just bring me my money, you money ower. 
And THEN I'll get a life... 
HR is wanting to see us regarding that phone call Saturday night... 
And bring my forty dollars. 
I dont care where you get it from, I dont care if you have to borrow it from your grandmother, just bring it. 
I assume you work? 
Or is this your job? 
Get on with your life... 
I have gotten on with mine.. 
She's all yers guys... 
Never hear a peep outta me... :D 
Just get off my dick, dood, cuz I want you to suck it now... 
You got me all hott. 
Man up? About what, to who? 
lick thine nuts quietly. 
Whos whining? 
Im here... What now, big guy? 
Am I ugly too? 
This place is rife with whiners... 
But where's the beef, lover? 
You all twisted in a knot, guy... 
I said I was done and Im done.... 
Excellent jibe, guy, Im a whiner... 
Good one. :D 
Im done, folks... 
I can take shit forever... 
I expect to.. whatever... 
Methinks you doth protest too much, cupcake. 
Im done... 
read the text B's and G's.. 
Ill field queries and jabs all day long... 
(Starts clock)... 
Its all good... 
What else guys? 
Im ripe for confession... what else? 
All valid points! 
It hard to know which to acquiesce to first... 
Decisions... 
Im glad to get all your pains and pet peeves in the air for discussion... 
How about you all just email me with your respective discussion points and I'll devote some real effort to research and whatnot and Ill have a tome of information for you to peruse... 
Hey gey your CTRL C's and V's out folks... 
I am the first to admit I got illwild with my shit, but Im not gonna wear a yoke of shame forever. 
I completely understate that too.. 
But Im not going to slag her anymore than I have than to say that things have been uttered by her to me about she and I... 
I believed her.. I dont NOW, but you live and learn. 
I cant take back what I did, so I stand here getting pelted and will forever if it would afford you so much as a deeper understanding of who I am... 
I have no illusions as to what hay youll make with my last sentence... 
But honestly, I deserve every bit of this. 
What now, brown cows? 
Big whoop cosmically speaking... 
So ban me... censor... 
Whats your point, Power pfff! 
So what... 
Who ARE you? 
You get off on this shit... 
Im a take all the fun out of it for you again... 
Whatcha gonna do with that? 
Its soaked... in water... it aint gonna burn... 
So WHAT? 
I WAS WRONG FOR SLAGGING ANYONE.. 
Brass tacks this shit so I can get on with my day. 
sensationalist, you... 
MAybe we should call you spidersizzle... 
That is wrong, that I get off on it... 
If I got off on it, Id be beaking off. 
wage what? 
Im showing soft underbelly? 
You make little sense, guy... 
You are actually a caricature of righteousness. 
Im not that word... 
Im wrong and an emotional pissant sometimes, but I am not that word, really... 
Im way too not that... 
It would remove any need for me to be accountable for my actions. 
Do undervalue the line you may or may not have been fed by the brokenangelwing... 
READ THE NAME OF THE ACCOUNT... 
Holy willing victim... pfff! 
I got called to the carpet right here from babble about manning up.. 
Now yall are poaching... 
Holy leg to stand on... 
Hey you say you a fool and stand and be counted I say OK I was so wrong and I stand and get counted.. 
Whatever. 
Sleep lost after the games begin: 0 hours. 
I did what was intimated to me to do... 
To come here and reply to the hisses... 
Im not gonna slag anyone here again.. 
I was wrong and there is no excuse for what I did here... AT all.. 
She has good reason to be angry as she feels is warranted after my behaviour... 
I cant really say anything else as the laditude afforded me as an unconditional apologist is literally nil... 
I am fully immersed in my culpability.. 
Ive pissed people off and that cannot be undone... 
I would like to think that after all of this is done, that I will have typed more words of reparation than hate... 
Do I care if anyone doesnt accept it? 
Only a psycho would want o shove an apolgy down anothe's throat... 
There it is. Its here, right in front of all of you. 
Do what you gotta... 
But honestly, Ive done enough here today to present myself as a perpetrator of negativity that if I were viewing me, I could respect at least that much... 
But I cant make you do that, (whoever wants me to, I dunno what was that, make a geek cry after being raped and then being confronted with my person (I think)) I m losing the sentence's integrity, but you get the drift, Im sure... 
Say what you gotta... 
You apprently gotta... 
Im guilty of it all... 
No Im going. 
I wont darken your door again. 
Goodbye to you all.. 
I dont want to leave anyone out... 
And I am most def not frontin sarcasm. 
Not a bit.. 
Post my own words daily on my pages as a scarlet letter... 
God, Im a jerk, a goof, and an unmitigated asshole. 
I am not unreasonable, that's your whole eggsac... 
Hey, at the very least, Im certain you know of what a prick I am. 
As I understand things, You are the boss here... 
So to you, I say that I will never abuse the patrons of RS again as I have. 
Even if I do know them... 
And I will not use your fabulous site for my expectorations of venom again.. 
If I was abnned from here, I would neither be surprised (as I deserve it) nor protestant (because I desrve it)... 
I am posting this in babble as well as I am affording as much transparency to this issue as is possible.. 
It is only fair after the hachet job I applied to my friend.... 
There it is. 
I am not petitioning you to alleviate any flak Im currently receiving as I deserve that too... 
I am informing you simply to give to the opportunity to poll the necessary people so as to determine my fate here... 
I am more than happy to allow you to ban my IP(s) if that was my fate. 
I am more than reasonable and as such await your response... 
You sir, as well: You are a soiler. 
Your stain is poison. 
You: Consumed all the patience I've aforded you. 
You are now in defecit. 
You are a debtor to me for your insoucience. 
I'll man up, everytime... 
You are the belly. 
Of whatEVer. 
You tryst that which is not of your league, sir. 
I am telling you now, that it is and will continue to be a problem. 
She has begged me not to type these words... 
She's according you more honor than a body of your ilk deserves... 
Nay but one more day, scur-vay. 
I made the mistake of divulging a gross amount of personal bile here already. 
Just fuck off. 
You are, as well, persona non grata, you are null, you are void. 
That was before I brought my Boo heres to meet all of youse... 
Theres a bunch of fools who thinks they are the God's christmas present to all the internetladies. 
I will now name nameses of the fools I dont think can be thrown by their left ears, much less trusted... 
I can and will be adding to my list of boywhores who give the internet a real mother of all stenches... 
Fuck, man I, like, never post on my own page, like never... 
Love is for your dog. 
Ask yourself, would my dog think that was cool? 
Oh by the way, It's not what you BECOME... 
I dont envy you a bit when you have to come to terms with playing a nice person like myself... 
I honestly wonder if you'll ever go that deep. 
Prolly not, when I get to thinking about it. 
I expect that you will so drive your life down the shitter with this behaviour as to be largely unrecognizable to most kind folk... 
Have fun on your voyage of self humiliation... 
You deserve it, girl! 
You are a liar and a ho, ho...  
You're so continental bagging dusty midgets from the state that gave us Geo Bush Jr... 
Good on ya! 
Just stay away from me... 
You needed to hear it. 
Im not apologizing for it. 
You're like my dog, a bit...  
If you leave me alone until I die, you'll never have to play with the likes of me... 
YOU aren't stealing an IOTA of MY happiness... 
Learn from a dog... 
I'm the better for it ... 
Go AWAY. 
I wouldnt forward you one ounce of trust after this passage of events. 
I love my dog to pieces because she's all team oriented and shit... 
And as a result, I know the difference between real and feigned emotion.. 
My nose is good and you are never entitled to what is likely one of the rarest commodities known to man, for sure... 
I am warning you to concentrate on your work and succeed as I plan to do. 
Dont feel entitled to any credit for it... 
Get with the program... 
To those that don't know or understand.... 
Ladies and gents... 
She is a liar. 
That's all one has to say about liars... 
It's a one word crime... 
I dont care what happens to her till the end of time... 
She's untrustworthy... 
If you had to know, I havent communicated any sentiments to her in this manner ANYWHERE else in the universe... 
My tirade was boorish, but it felt good to do what I did... 
I am the nicest guy in the freaking universe... 
uberdebutante... 
I'm usually just happy not to get put in a position to have to stick up for myself or my feelings etc.... 
In any social setting... 
Yaaay her and her drama filled life...  
I'm not dumb enough to be caught in the same sentence as her. 
She polished the dirty cowpoke's saddlehorn and lied to me about it before, during and after having done so... 
Gents, if you want a piece of this fine woman... 
By all means go ahead...  
I'm more than happy to respond to any queries put forth.... 
I'd use the ten-foot-pole approach.... 
It would be prudent, indeed... 
This is for the lawyers, ok? 
Leave me alone.  
I've said my piece... 
Think twice about lying... 
Irony is I was saving them for posterity sake.... 
Turns out they'll save my ass in court.... 
Watch your mouth with your Restraining order, death threat crap.. 
You wish I cared enough... 
Dont spread lies... they'll haunt you one day. 
I'LL get a lawyer.. 
We both know I know the business end of a lawyer better than you... 
You flatter me with your mimicry... chump. 
It sucks dogparts..  
Have you ever fucked up the best thing that may have ever happened to you??? 
As I lead you around town backwards, with the 120V attached to your "jewelry"? 
Exciting's in the eye of the defiler, fool.  
Honestly... go away... 
Be nice to my friends... OK?  
I just reduce their self esteem to a pile of puke.....  
Not proud of it, but you dont ask the spider if he's ashamed of his bite, do you? 
Characterizations about personal relationships by someone thirteen years my junior and a continent away are pretty big tinkering for little fellas. 
Making magnanimous statements about control and whatnot? 
It's why I'm as pissed as I am... 
YOU look like a fool to me...  
I'll bet I'm not the only one... 
She thinks, by her own admission, that flirting is somehow possible between two people who profess to be monogamous... 
We'll I'll tell you, Mister Swaggerpants YOU dont know SHIT about her OR I. 
You dont know SHIT. 
You are thirteen years my junios and an entire conitinent away. 
Big hero, poisoner. 
And for what? 
The reason you got your gift on your page today is because of the other day and your ultracool act. 
I was impressed and as you can tell am still impressed... Very impressed. 
If you have a question you want answered about me, screw you. 
If you have a question you want to ask, go ahead... 
If youre a man youll post it for me to see..  
You know I exist... 
She's all embarassed of me and will most likely recede from our relates. 
So be it. 
I'm not controlling.. 
If you say it again, I'll just withdraw from this forum altogether. 
I'm not wanting control, so much as respect...  
And before you ever came along, I was giving it to her in spades, dogfuck. 
How would you know any different... ? 
You're numb in the pan if you thought you'd teach me about control and respect and relates and boys and girls.... 
Numb in the PAN! 
Temperate words from the sunny shores of your heart, sweet. 
As evidence to this point, ask me and ILL tell you to fuck off personally... 
Please view my outburst toward you in my nonsense guise... 
It was coming from the P.O.V. of a person under duress... 
I declare to you, that I have had spoken to my ear, the assertion, you would both cease and desist. 
But nonetheless, until now, I have relented. 
Be a man and post it up high and dry, guyses... 
I am goings to adds to this later, but for nows, be kind to your pets and remembers to cut the powers to their penii and vaginal interfaceses and Bob Barker's too. 
I feel as though I'm amongst friends so I will say this at least: 
But on a sadder note, folx, I have to tell you...  
The truth has an earthy flavor... 
That's what you cant put your finger on... 
Paradigms shift and life goes on...  
Except maybe Texas... 
*Waves of white heat rise convectionally from my fucking heart*  
I got the news that you sent a message bold enough to make the person who you mistakenly sent it to's eyes bleed.... 
Step, you fuck and be counted... 
Right fucking now, sport... 
She has issues with admitting to the likes of you (talk about irrational) thatb she and I are mutually pursing a longer term goal than you peraps might expect... 
I am about had it with you daycare cases getting off on my interest... 
If she's gonna allow it to occur, then Ill need some sort of post to tell me to fuck off... 
Oh and I will if thats what she wants... 
But until then, she and I have a previously arranged situation which precludes your sorry ass from taking the dignity out of my image of her... 
With all due respect, you are correct. 
I mean, if you had eight pieces to a jigsaw puzzle, would the finished product be coherent. 
You're correct again, it wouldn't. 
If Im not mistaken, then I dont recall asking you if I made sense... 
No offense whatsoever... 
I posted something... big whoop... 
Are you the post police? 
Are you a level nine sense-maker? 
Are you gathering that it was unneccessary to communicate your cloudiness on a subject I neither care if you ever understood, or were ever willing. 
You are correct... I make no sense. 
You need to comission some kick ass theme music to go with your jauntily cocked chin and daring-do... 
Let him deal with his comments in his own vitamin deficient way... 
Mob rule's for skool... 
I dont respect the mob... 
If he's wanting to be a sassy Cassie, let him reap the wind... 
He's a big boy...  
Full stop. 
Fool. 
I swear to God, you untrustworthy cunt, you are NEVER to even utter my name, much less talk to me... 
Dirty whore.  
Laid back attitude...is there any other way? 
Don't sweat things like integrity or trust or anything! 
Dont be honest or real, just have fun and get your slut on, eh? 
You're all that matters.. 
Remember that- never be serious, always treat people like liquid bearing vessels... 
Stay in your place or the rumour mill gets some grist... 
Stupid litle guzzler. 
You are about as dumb a person as I have ever had the misfortune to trust... 
I have no respect for you... selfish person... 
You're a midget... 
Whats with the midget fetish, anyhow?  
Prolly you are insecure, huh? 
Fuck off and go get your STD so you can die... 
Im sure you're thinking of him while youre playing games with people and life... 
I should change my login to "How far did I stoop?" 
I'll need that tanslated into the language of weasels, French by you by Monday... 
Thanks.. Die. 
Oh yeah... the satisfaction I get from this whole mess of crap is that my suspicions were right there, right on.. 
I told you I wasnt stupid... 
You will miss me far more than I will miss you... 
Hahaha, the ultimate revenge is to have been true and righteous. 
Enjoy your stinky mess, sweetheart... 
This is too easy, kid...  
You prolly dont know what to ignore first... HA! 
Cunt... 
Oh yeah... send midgety over if he doesnt like my characterization of you. 
He acts like a bitch, to be honest. 
Do it and I'll show you what I was talking about... 
It wouldnt be fair rag-dolling a little person, but apparently he has an appetite for rag dolls... biatch. 
You are a poisoner, sir...  
You are persona non grata. 
You are void.  
I can be mistaken for an individual who is ubderstanding about having some tard in God knows ahere making life that much more difficult to live... 
Get a life or a Harry Potter book you gloryhole... 
Fuck. 
Now it's all one thing... 
Used to be a time when you could come here and not have to wear a condom... 
There is a growing list of kids with erections getting bothered bout stuff....  
Try talking about something else and set your nads free... 
God...  
How comw when faggots wear out their welcome by being mouthy as all fuck, they default to "oh, dont hurt me with your un-PC names"? 
Fucking poseur... 
Fuck you and yours (I assume you have two, no?) 
Quit whining when the beatings rain down immediately following your little dance... 
Just fuck yourself, quietly in the corner and "Eat shit, die, repeat." 
WTF happened, man?... 
tragic, really.
botskul's gone to shit lately... 
Poofter, that one... 
really, Im sorry if yer buds... LOL 
